# Fuzzy logic
The concept of fuzzy logic is very common, it is associated with the way in which
people perceive the environment, for example ideas related to the height of a person, speed with which an object moves, the dominant temperature in a room, are formulated daily ambiguously and depends on who perceives the physical or chemical effect, will be his statement about such a phenomenon. A person can be high or low, something can move fast or slow, a temperature can be low or moderate or high, it is said that these statements about a variable are ambiguous because fast, low, high are statements of the observer, and these they may vary from one observer to another. One can ask when something is cold or hot, how low is the temperature when we say cold, or how high it is when we say hot.

Fuzzy sets precisely define these ambiguities, and are an extension of classical set theory, where an element belongs or not to a set, such element has only 2 possibilities, whether or not it belongs, an element is bi-valued and not defined ambiguities With fuzzy sets we try to model the ambiguity with which a variable is perceived. Fuzzy sets are the basis for fuzzy logic, in the same way that classical set theory is the basis for Boolean logic. With the fuzzy sets, logical affirmations of the yes-then type are made, defining them with Fuzzy Logic. This theme is typical of artificial intelligence, where you try to emulate human thinking. Our field of study is industrial control, we must take into account the experience or knowledge base of the operator, this will be useful to emulate human behavior with a machine, although it is very limited.

Since Lotfy A. Zadeh (1965) developed this concept of fuzzy logic, it has been
working on this issue, the main development center is Japan, where its
Researchers have applied it to very diverse systems, mainly electrical appliances, more recent systems are linked with industry, medicine and space activity. Many publications and books have been written on this subject, but much remains to be explored.
